THE END HAS COME! 





PEATH OF ORSAMUS G. WARREN. 





fle Passed Away Peacefuliy at 9.15 This Morning—A Suiographical Sketch— His Political and /usiness Career. 





This is a terribly sad day for the BurraLo CowmerctaL, and all its employees and friends. 

Orsamus G. Warrex, the honored and ielesokewad of the establishment, died at his residence on North street at 9.15 this morning, after a vey brief illaess, at the age of 45 years. He was cut down in the very prime of his life, and just at the time when his usefulness seemed greatest. It is, indeed, an inscrutable dispensation of Providence. 

It only remains to tell in brief, the story of his last illness, and give a few prominent facts regarding his life. 

Mr. Warren had been very active in his business affairs throughout the winter and spring, but his health continued good, and he seemed in fact, to be more than usually 

vigorous. 

He went to New York last month to attend the annual meeting of the State Associated Press, of which be was President, and which was held April 19th and 20th. He remained in the Metropolis for a week later, and returned home to Buffalo on ‘Wednesday morning, April 27th. That pame night he left for Albany to attend the Republican State Convention, waich was held there Thursday, April 28th. 

He returned home on Friday morning, and it is thought, caught the fatal cold oa the sleeping car. He attended to business ppartot theday on Friday last—only one week ago—and in the afternoon complained of feeling chilly and remained at home. 'The following day he was also unable to leave the house, though nothing serious was apprehended. He put himself under the care of Dr. Stockton, the family physician. . His condition grew worse, however, and Wednesday morning the case was diagnosed as lobar pneumonia. Drs. Cary und Rochester were called in consultation, and the three physicians have since been unremitting, trying everything that their skill and experience could suggest, but allto no purpose. As the COMMERCIAL stated yesterday, the case was looked upon with grave anxiety. The patient was-unconscious most of the time. “As” yesterday wore onit became evident that the chances for recovery were not so good, but a slight rally in the evening gave some encouragement. The fatal change, however, came about 8o0’clock this morning, since which time he sank rapidly, and passed away at 9.15, calmly and peacefully, surrounded by his beloved family and most devoted friends. 

BIOGRAPHICAL SKETCH. 

Orsamns George Warren was ®orn in Clarence, Erie County, July 2ist, 1846, and was theeldest son of thelate James D. Warren and Laura Love, his first wife. Orsamus attended school at Clarence and ‘atthe age of ten years cameto Buffalo and attended schoolhere. He also spent a year at’ the Canandaigua Academy. At the age of 17 he went to “Europe with tee late James N-: Matthews, and made an extended tourof thecontinent. He also spent several months in study at Paris. 

Mr. Warren was married October 22nd, 1875, to Elizabeth Griffin, daughter of the late Jobn B. Griffin. Mrs. Warren survives, alse four children, three daughters and one son—Gertrude, Helen, Elizabeth, and James D. Warren, Jr. 

Mr. Warren became the successor of his father in Republican political leadership. He was for several years a member of the fptate Committee, and adelegate to State Conventions. He was a delegate from this district to the National Republican Conwention of 1888, and had recently been elected a deitegate to the Convention of 1892. j 

Hie was for eight years a member of the Executive Committee of the State Associated Press, and served last year as President of the Association, retiring at the annual meeting held last month in New York. 

Mr. Warren was identified With many large business interests, in addition to his proprietorship of the ComMERcIAL. He was vice-president ef the Buffalo Natural Gas Fuel Company, a director of the American Exchange Bank, atrustee of the Buffalo Savings Bank, vice-president of the Depew Improvement Company, anda director of the Bellevue Land Company. at 

He was aisoa member of the Buffalo Club and.of the Ceuntry Club.  Mr. Warren had the reputation of being a far-seeing and remarkably sagacious man of business. Tn social life he was ofa most amiable disposition, and the friends who knew and loved him know best,thongh they can hardly realize at present, whata loss they have sustained. " 

ee
