


I was always well aware of the widespread racism in the Cornell and Ithaca communities, but in my final years at Cornell, things that were once whispered among people pretending to be communists and "vegans" and even then only to those they thought they could trust, seemed to quickly become much more open, and not just at Cornell, but in American society, and even Western culture in general. People who onced labeled themselves "liberals" were suddenly calling for various groups to be jailed, exiled and much worse. 

It was a common workplace ritual, that at some point in any discussion, preferrably near the beginning, one had to say something trivial, banal, but something very specific, often down to mimicked phrasing, from a small list of pre-determined correct opinions. In fact, in the final years of my employment, it was starting to become a mandatory part of the "corporate culture", if you didn't say these things, you were committing the crime of "silence violence".

These things were not said because people believed them, although I am sure many did, or believed they did, for most, such considerations were luxuries. Quite possibly a majority of people didn't know whether they agreed or not with the opinion they claimed to be expressing, and in all liklihood few would ever be curious enough to learn about the subects in question. Saying the right things was simply a small work tax easy enough to pay and forget about. What was said, was said because *it needed to be said* whether you actually believed it or not. I recognized this a few years before it began to be commonly called "virtue signalling".

And naturally, it became a competition among these people to appear to be the most virtuous, and so the rhetoric became progressively more extreme. It was easy to dismiss at first, thinking that surely there must be a limit to it, a place where decent people will not go. Then it seemed one day I woke up and realized the whole world had gone mad. I began to ponder if the lonliness in my life hadn't been a gift after all, as now I felt I was truly alone in a hostile world, but at least I had the training to possibly survive.

In the beginning, the price was small. The things you had to say you may or may not agree with, but they were, at least on the surface, things that could be plausibly believed. But when the rhetoric reached the point where it could not be more extreme without considerable effort and creativity, then the most logical, the most natural, and the most sadistically cruel next step was to force people to say what is self-evidently illogical. Force them to say things patently ridiculous. Get them to say somethings obviously self-contradictory, and force them to perform convincingly that they believe something that everyone knows cannot be true. I can't explain the sensation of watching someone's soul die right before your eyes. As they betray themselves, they get an intense stare, often looking past you. Their eyes get large. Their voice stiffens. They become a little louder, and the pacing of what they say is more deliberate. You can see the struggle physically on their face. A smile will struggle to spread halfway across their face--a smile that is not reflected in their wide stare. The person that used to be there is gone.

By the time I left, it had been socially acceptable to talk casually about mass murder of different ethnic groups and people who simply didn't agree with the Democrat Party platform. The most competitive among them got news alerts on their watches so that even in a meeting they could be the first to broadcast a text message on the most active chat channels they were members of. And if you couldn't be first, you could at least "affirm" the message as quickly as possible. The most competitive of course, if beaten in the race to be first, would respond with something more extreme yet, and if they are being particularly aggressive about it, they might shame the original posture for not being extreme enough. In fact, being first had many downsides, as the approved opinions, which were abritrary to begin with, were easily changed without notice, and in fact, this was a common way to attack a co-worker: you said that thing that must be said *yesterday*, today that same things will get you fired.

But there were several levels of response. A low level of response was to only signal approval through one of several approved "emojis" or graphical icons. The approved icons were a "smiley face", a "thumbs up" or hands clapping, all suggesting approval. A stalemate quickly developed around the clapping hands, however, as one had to choose the *color of the skin* of the clapping hands. After several compinations were tried and attacked, everyone quickly realized there was no correct answer and the clapping hands were quickly dropped. Risk mitigation is the key to this game after all. 

To that end, you could also say something simple to signal your agreement, but it helped if you said that simple thing *quickly*. The key was to be as vague as possible, as you were forever putting yourself on the record, and you never know when the approved opinions would change, and the thing they celebrated you for saying now ends your career.

I chose the worst response of all, I kept silent. And I think they may have been right after all, maybe silence is vioence. But I initially reasoned that these topics were not relevant to work, they were inappropriate both for work and polite conversation in general, and it was clear from the start these topics were designed with the intention to be a negative, divisive, manipulative, and controlling force on people. For a while, I was able to keep my integrity and my job by simply staying silent. But by the end, people started to question me, as they would start to ask why didn't I agree with so-and-so when they said that all Republican voters should be in prison? In my final days, it became commonplace to joke about the various ways to kill the "unvaccinated". If you didn't have the stomach to participate directly in the conversation, you must at least laugh, whether that laugh is genuine or forced. When I sat silent, they would all look to me. those that were genuinely laughing had more reason to smile, Those that were forcing it looked at me with fear in their eyes, visible through the forced smile.

And so, there came a day when I and many others were told that if we didn't get at least three shots in fast succession, and on top of that, make our health records public, (all four conditions must be met!) we would lose our jobs. I had predicted this, as unfortunately, I predicted many things. My recollection that it was not a year before that that I told my manager that I thought that one day, possbily very soon, he would have to fire me even if he didn't want to. He laughed at me and said I was ridiculous. And I was saying something ridiculous! And yet, it almost seemed to me something more like a memory than a premonition. When the time came, I met with him and "Human Resources" and was asked how I wanted to approach the transition with my staff, my various projects, etc. My immediate question was, could they guarantee my safety if the true reason for my leaving was discovered. They of course said that they couldn't. And so for three long months, I lived with the secret as I worked with my manager for a smooth transition. I did performance evaluations months in advance, and even up to the final week, I was smashing major deadlines, perfectly on the schedules I had planned many months before. Because of the obvious dangers of setting foot on campus, I was allowed to work at home during that time, and on my last day, I met my manager in the parking lot of East Hill Plaza to return my computer and give him physical copies of my final paperwork. An undignified end to my relationship with Cornell that had extended back more than 30 years. 

To be fair to Cornell, their attitudes were largely a reflection of the larger culture at the time. It was common in the mainstream, legacy media, for their to be serious discussions of just what should be done with these people that do not say the right thing. Some openly talked of violence, but many preferred to say everything but the final conclusion: these people shouldn't be allowed to make a living, they should be allowed to have bank accounts, they shouldn't be allowed to rent or buy housing, they shouldn't be allowed access to food. They could say all of this and then act offending if you suggested this might shorten their life span.

I was banned from working, this I knew of course. But I didn't realize I was blacklisted other places. Doctors had an easy way to screen undesirables, so it became clear that I would not be able to get a doctor's appointment ever again. I was taking one medication regularly at the time, but I was not allowed to buy it anymore, and so I had to plan to manage my health more proactively. No matter how significant my medical issues might become, I would have to deal with them myself. And so I became more diligent about exercise and what I ate, and I began to learn about folk medicine. 

And I may not have contacted every last law office in Central New York, but I contacted every firm and individual lawyer in Tompkins County, many in Syracuse and Binghamton, and I even reached out to placed in Buffalo and New York, but nobody would take my case. Most simply turned my down with no explanation once they heard they key detail. The few that engaged me seemed shocked at my suggestion that it was illegal for me to have a job. "What are you talking about? There is no such law." Ah, but isn't there an executive order that says that any buisness that employs me will be fined $100,000 for every day I am employed? "Well yes, but there is no law saying you can't work!" One laywer in Ithaca that I had used in the past, a woman in her late 20's, offered the explanation that "they were just trying to encourage me to get vaccinated". 

This was the common level of discourse. Even several years before the pandemic, I was talking with a workplace acquaintance that I am ashamed to say I respected at the time. She scoffed at the notion that the gentle, kind "liberals" were getting increasingly violent. I asked her to consider what would happen if I wore a red baseball cap on my walk from my office to my car, I would estimate close to a mile away? Did she think I would survive? She scoffed and said, "I think you would probably survive Adam!" Would I be verbally and physcally attacked? "Well of course, what would you expect!" 

This was actually a new thing that developed. The greatest crime you could commit was to acknowledge what was actually happening. Simply telling the truth meant your life was over.

But I must also be honest about Cornell, they did everything they could to make the process as cruelly painful as possible. I know there were people who felt coerced into doing it, and they were the ones that were punished most cruelly. First we were told that one shot was not enough, two must be given, and in very close proximity to each other, despite the fact that even the most corrupt doctors advised against this. And it had to be documented administered months in advanced of the actual deadline, so in order to meet the deadline, the shots had to be obtained within a week of the notice being given. They cauntioned that because of lack of supplied, we would have to work overtime for the next week to try to get the shots in time. The timing was obviously intentional. It wasn't enough that they were coercing you to intentionally harm yourself, but they insisted that you go about it *enthusiastically*. 

And of course, the administration couldn't explain why the deadline wasn't actually the following week, and why would they keep people they deeemed "dangerous" around for an extra few months who had already failed the requirements. Simple logic had had no place at Cornell for many years. Silence is violence, all truth, lies. This is the highest peak of academia.

The initial deadline was set a few weeks before Christmas. The message could not have been clearer: risk your life to prove your loyalty to the state, or your children will starve at Christmas. My coworkers saw the wisdom of this and loved to joke about it. "If they are that stupid, their children deserve to starve at Christmas!" (They shouldn't be Christians to begin with!)

There must have been some resistance, as they eventually extended the deadline by a month, but even then, they couldn't resist the irony of making on Martin Luther King Jr. day.  And they twisted the knife even further by lying about it: after another month, they suddenly changed the terms of the deal and said that a third shot in close succession would now be required. Although it is difficult for me to understand, these people seem to get intense gratification from the suffering of others, especially if they are the cause of that suffering.

A woman I had recently dated faced the same predicament in her job at a different company. She felt forced to do it as she was a single mother of several children. Although I obviously sympathized with her situation, I eventually decided I would try to talk her out of it. By this time, the dangers of this shot were well known, and despite the efforts of the government, the news media, and many regular people in society to try to suppress this knowledge, it eventually came out, as the truth always does. Even if she was one of the lucky ones, she would never forgive herself for selling her integrity. And finally, I told her the one thing that she didn't want to hear and I didn't want to have to say: that this was just the beginning. If she agreed to one shot, she would be forever captured by these people, having to taking increasing doses of and increasing number of increasingly dangerous drugs in a constant effort to prove her loyalty to a perverse ideology. Unfortunately, she did not listen, and like so many others, she paid a heavy price. 

My predictions about her being forced to take more drugs came true almost immediately. There were new demands she had to keep up with, and nothing she could ever do would ever be enough. It kills me to see the heavy weight of regret she carries every day. She risked her life on a meaningless test she could never pass.

At Cornell at that time, the shots became a competition too. Some had no subtelty and carried their health records with them, others wore a sticker on the day they got their most recent shot, or in some cases a pin. It goes without saying that you must announce it on the highest profile chat channels you belong to. Those who were really good would announce when the appointment was made, and might even count down the days. Extra kudos were given to those who got the shot under the most suspect of circumstances. They gladly talked about how they pulled into the parking lot of a shopping mall and stuck their arm out the window so that someone assumed to be a nurse could inject something into their arm, and they simply drove off. There were news reports that in some areas, people were being offered injections door-to-door. Obviously, you must announce when you leave to the the shot, and immediately upon returning, confirm that the shot was given. Most people then became severely ill for a day or two at least, and in many cases, for a week or more. Some never recovered. But people enthustically obtained more shots even if they hadn't recovered from the last. And of course, a lot of people started to die for reasons that most people pretended not to know. My family ran a funeral business, and they said they had never seen so many people die in such a short period in our tiny community (Woodhull and the area around it.)  There were a lot of children suddenly dying of heart attacks, something that was unheard of prior.

And everyone I know that got the shots, usually contracted the disease that we were assured they could not get, usually shortly after they recovered from the illness caused by the shots themeselves. Incredibly, many of these people not only took a strange pride in having caught the disease, but in many cases they would say "I'm so glad I got the shot!" This was the highest art of conformity, not just lying, but lying when you know that everyone knows that you are lying. I heard mothers talking proudly about how many shots they forced their children to get!

What should be clear is that these people were not the exception, they were the overwhelming norm. I had started reading Gulag Archipelago, to try to understand what was happening, and to help prepare. This was when I began to realize that while we were still in the very early stages of authoritarianism, we were much deeper into it than I wanted to believe. It was as if I was reading a history of my own time. Within a few years, the newest trend to sweep Cornell was anti-semitism. It had always been there of course, but it was rarely openly acknoweledged. But immediately after the terror attacks of October 7, 2023, it suddenly became mandatory on the Cornell campus to call for a new Holocaust. There were reports not just at Cornell, but at many colleges and universities of seemingly spontaneously formed mobs that essentially hunted down anyone who was Jewish or sympathetic to Jewish peopele. 

Nor should you think that it was just college students and faculty engaging in the violence. When the pandemic began and were were all forced into lockdown, it seemed like an opportunity to volunteer in my community in ways I hadn't before. But slowly these people revealed themselves as well. The people who will take joy in your suffering are all around you. You work with them, they are your neighbors, they shop in the same grocery store you do. It's not just the angry professor, it is the seemingly harmless old woman down the street with the sweet smile. The smile will be sweeter still when she sees you suffer.

And so, I was cast out of society. For the time being, I was allowed to have a banking account, and I had enough warning of what was coming to prepare myself financially. But no doctor or nurse would touch me,no lawyer would speak to me. I was banned from the organizations I had volunteered for, and as a result, many in Brooktondale (which consisted at this time of many Cornellians), refused to speak to me. I was banned from the local activities of the online Facebook group the Caroline History Club, as they threatened to forcibly remove anyone at an even that couldn't show their "papers". The same happened with the History Center in Ithaca: no access without papers, although I didn't even ask what the proposed remedy was for those without papers. 

To her credit, Barbara Kone, whether she personally agreed with me or not, never banned me from the Caroline History Room. However, most (not all) of the volunteers felt differently. I tried only twice to go after my exile from society and in both cases, the volunteers got extremely agitateed and upset at my presence. 

I could leave the people behind, after all, they had revealed themselves as violent liars. What hurt was that this meant that I would be much less likely to ever see Emily. I don't know if the Caroline History Club people understood this, but if they did, I have no doubt that it brought them immense satisfaction. 

A few people still talked to me in Brooktondale, but for the most part, I walked the streets like a haunting ghost. I was no longer allowed to participate in society, but for the time at least, I was allowed to live, although I'm sure my continued presence was an annoyance to many. I was vaguely aware of others that were forced out of Cornell, and most left the area for new lives--a surprising number of computer programmers were suddenly taking an interesting in farming!  

I tried to learn from Solzhenitsyn: when they come for you, you have to understand that the life you thought you had is gone forever. They will try to take everything from you, right down to your hunamnity. They are devils collecting souls. Don't be silent, they count on intimidation, in the end this is really all they have, and mostly an illusion. Fascism must be resisted, and it is everyone's responsibility. When your freedom is finally taken from you, the only refuge is the mind, to focus on something, anything, you can control, and master it.

I remmember having conversations with my sister before and during the pandemic, where I made predictions about what could potentially happen from all of this. Like my manager at Cornell, she scoffed at much of it--and she was right to! I was saying crazy things! But times had became very strange and crazy things were becoming commonplace. I am sorry to say that almost all my predictions came true, many even sooner than I had anticipated.

In a strange twist that I least of all would have expected, I began an interesting and very rewarding period in my life. I wasn't allowed to work, so I had to do other things. But what? I wouldn't allow myself to wither and fade away. In many ways, I had gone back in time, and I decided that one way to frame this time was that I as essentially at college again, only this time, I was determined to actually obtain an education. (Obviously, I was ashamed of having a degree from Cornell.) I read widely, researched many new topics, actively learned new, practical skills. I took extreme responsibility for every area of my life. I challeneged myself to master difficult things. I tried things I had always been curious about. 

In the process, my understanding of myself deepened. I started to gain a confidence I had never had before. Up to this time, I was always trying to figure out how to fit into society, how to win at the game of life. I figured I was reasonably intelligent, focussed, a hard worker, it seemed likely I could figure out how to achieve some level of success. And yet, I never did. The rules of the game were always completely arbitrary, constantly changing, rigged against me and anyone else who tried to achieve something through their own talents. I was such a fool! The pandemic proved once and for all that the only dishonest and theft are rewarded. Doing anything less than this will be punished severly.

And so I looked around at all of these people with advanced degrees and how stupidly they behaved, how willfully ignorant they were, how dishonest they were, and I realized that even though I had no reason to have any confidence in myself, as it seemed that I was the only person going against everyone trying to convince me that lies were true, and let, they people got everything, all of it, down to the last detail wrong. All my life I had measured myself against others and believe them when they said I was less than them. Maybe I am less human than them, but I also know that you can't cheat reality forever, and for the first time in my life, I began to consider that perhaps I could stand on my own and not only survive, but flourish. Experience proved over and over again that my judgement was superior to the masses, and I even started to believe it myself. 

And I have to confess I resisted doing what was right at first. I did initially betray myself, just like the others. I was scared like them, and as a result, I began to negotiate against myself. This is something they are masters at. They take great joy, not in directly forcing you to commit an evil act, but to carefully set traps for you and they wait for you to choose which way to destroy yourself. They get you to negotiate against yourself, until you are enthusiastically saying ridiculus things with conviction. Then they know they have complete control over you, and then they can get you to do unspeakable evil against your neighbors, coworkers, family and friends. I personally witnessed all of this, just as Solzhenitsyn had. At some point, I just got tired of the lies and the lying. I began to recognize that they were tricking me into acting against my own best interest, and then once, they had compliance, the rules would change, and you would be out of compliance again. They took the most delight, not in imprisoning you, but making you the jailer of your own will.

I too acted cowardly, shamefully. I committed the evil acts they demanded of me. It was not courage that led to me finally say no, so much as it was weariness, the realization that the rock I had pushed so steadily up the hill would just be kicked back down every time. There was no winning, so it was merely logical to stop playing the game. But this didn't make the decision any easier. I was as scared as ever. After all, I was essentially admitting that everything I had been taught my entire life was a lie, and someone I would have to continue living and somehow find the truth for myself.

And this is what I did. The focal point of everything in my life became my home and the search for Emily Mills. And for the first time in my life, rather than simply living for others, I began to consider that my life might have some meaningful purpose, and I constantly remind myself that time is quickly running out.



