







VOL. LIU. NO. 49. 

THE REV. S. W. MILLS 

Death of this Venerable Citizen at 6.06 Thursday Evening. 

HIS LIFE WORK IN THIS VALLEY 













A Man of Deep Religious Conviction, of High Moral Standards, and a Puablic Benefactor — A Sketch of 

vy the Wilis Family. 

The Rey. S. W. Mills, D. D., who bas been lying critically ili at his home, No. 47 West Main street, died at six minutes past 6 o’clock last Thursday nig't. 

On Saturday afternoon last, Dr. Mills received a struke of paralysis which affected the entire left por'ion of his body. 

It was evident at the time that his recovery would not be hkely, and the members 

of his family residing ont of town were sent for and arriyed here shortly after wards. Shortly after the stroke the venerable doctor partially regained consciousness, 

recognizing the different members of his family, but on Sunday he sunk intoa lethargic condition, and from that time life gradaally ebbed away until his death jast Thursday night. 

THE MILLS FAMILY HISTORY. 





Brief Sketch of One of the Oldest Families in this State. 

Samuel Wickham Mills, D, D., was a native of Orange county, born in the fown of Wallkill, near Scotchtown, five miles north of Middletown, on the 5th of April, 1820, and wasa son of Samuel and Esther Stitt Mills. His mother was a daughter of John and Nancy McCulJough Stitt, of Bloomingburg, Sullivan county. 

The Mills family came from Yorkshire, England. Some of the names are of HolJand extraction, the first to come to America being Peter Vander Muliin (the mame meaning from the mills) who settled in Windsor, Conn., where the family took the English name of Mills. 

The English family can ba traced back to the DeMolis, founded in 1003,in Devon, England, the name being derived from Meulles of Normandy. Members of the family bearing that name went to EngJand with Wilham the Conqueror in 1066. The name has several times been changed, being Milne in 1530, Mills in 1560, Miline an 1584, Milles in 1612, and Mylle from 1627 to 1665, these being found in the rec ords of Yorkshire, England. John Mills came with Governor Win throp to Massachusetts in 1629 or 1630, his name appearing 38rd on the roll of the First Church of Boston. in which his two daughters, Joy ani Remembrance, were baptized in October, 1630. He became a freeman of Boston in 1632, but later removed to Braintree, Mass,, where he 

served as Townshiv Clerk in 1653. His wtll was made in 1670, and he left his estate to his son John, asking also that one of John’s sons be educated for the ministry, a8 many of his predecessors were of 

that profession, Richard Mills wasa pioneer on Long 

Island and in Connecticut. Samuel Mills, of Dedham, Mass., and Samuel Mills, of Windsor, Conn., came from England at an early date, but 1tis not known whether they were related to the branch of the family to which our subject belongs. ‘George Mills, who was probably the an.cestor of the Long Island Branch, came from Yorkshire, England. about 1663, and died in Jamaica, L, I., in 1694, at the age #689 years, Heis supposed to have been a brother of John Mille, of Boston. 

From George, 1n a direct line to our -gubj2et, are Samuel, Jonathan, Timothy, Jonathan, Jacob and Samuel, the latter the father of cur subject. George’s son, Samuel, was born on Long {sland in 1631, and died at Jamaica, L.I., in 1726, at the age of 95 years, 2 notice of his death appearing in the New York Gazette, March 12, 1726. He had 16 children, nine of whom were living at the time of~his -death, together with 80 grandchildren and 54 great grandchildren. His son Jonathan was born at Jamaica, N. Y., was married in 1710, and had four children: Timothy, Samuel, Isaac, Jonathan, The records show that he purchased a 

piece of land March 8, 1677. Timothy, born in 1677, left Jamaica and 

.gattied at Mills Pond in 1693, to which he 

gaye thename. Hedied March 380, 1751. His first wife, Elizabeth, had two children, and the second wife Sarah, had 11. Jonathan,the sixth of the latter marriage, was born October 23, 1710, and was married in 1737, to Ruth Radyard, of Perth Amboy, N.J. They had six children, and after her death he was married again, January 25, 1%56, this time to Dorothy Miller, and to them were born three children. His death occurred at Mills’ Pond, October 23, 1798. Of the first marriage, Jacob and Timothy were twins, born December 22 1746, 

Samuel Mills, the father of the Rev. 8. W. Mills, succeeded to the old home place. He was born August 27, 1776, and -died on the 13th of November, 1860, at the age of 8. Hecast his Last vote jast before his death. On the 13th of January 1807, he married Esther Stitt, who was born August 28, 1787, and her death oc curred November 1', 1863. Of their family we note the following: Catherine married Archibald Slaughter, and died June -8, 1888, in her 8lst year; Nancy, wife of Hiram 8. Dunning, died in her 34th year, March 38, 1843; William, died October 31, 1885, at Petersbargh, Va., in his 76th year; Caroline, wife of DeWitt. Slaughter, died November 9, 1861, :n her 50th year; Mary .Jane, the wife of Robert. J. Bull, of Wal!lkill, died in her 85th year; John Stitt died when young; Sarah Elizabeth, who 









PORT JERVIS, N. 





REV. SAMUEL W. MILES, DP. D. 

Born April *, 1820, 

Died November 27, 1902. 









was the wife of Gen. Alfred D, Hurtin, died April 24, 1896, in ber 70th year; Jacob Stitt passed away when young; Satnnel Wickham is next in order of bir-bh; James Jackson lives at Middletown in his 1st year; Alfred died onthe old homestead in his 66th year, Julv 25, 1899, where his widow still resides; Edwin died at Phil lipsburgh, this county; and Ruth died in childhood. 

The father of this family carried on a tannery. He also engaged in farming, and owned a large tract of land which comprised three farms. He was a auccessfal business man, and assisted his chil dren very matertally. . 

At the age of 19 Jacob Mulls began whaling, which he followed for six or seven mouths out of the year. He came to Orange countv between 1768 and 1770, near New Windsor, and started a tannery. When he first moved here he bought 2.250 acres of laud in the town of Wallkill, seven miles north of Middletown, and the place was known as Mil's burg. On the 27th of Decemwbar, 1773, he was married, in Goshev, to Catherine Denton. Daring the Revolutionary War he made shoes for the sosluie s of the militia company t» which hehelonged. and raceived his pav in Continental money, which wa3 worth buat vary tle ‘His company ‘as ordered to Ft. Mout gomery, bufit was captured before they arrived. 

His tannery was enlarged, and in 1791 he built a stone house near the same. He occupied that house until 18u7, when he erected a large frame dwelling. He died at the home of hisson, Charles. in 1842. at the age of 95 vears. He was 4 liberal man. and assisted lavgely in building the Pres. byterian Chureh at Scotchiown. 

In bis family were twelve children, six sous and six daughters, and with the excaption of Catherine,all reared families of theirown. William Wickbam was the only one that did vot live in Orange county. He made hishome on Long Island, where he was heir to his uncle’s property at Mills’ Pond. 

At the time of “hig death Jacob Mille bad 97 grandchildren, 48 grandsons, and 49 granddaughters, nearly all of whom became farmers. Thete was one phvrsician, one clergyman, and one sheriff of Orange county. 

The Rev. Samuel W. Mills was ninth in the family, and remainel at home until reaching the age of 15, when he entered Rutgers College at New Brunswick, N. J., from which he was graduated in the class of 738, at the age of 18. He spent the succeeding year at home, and then entered the Theological Seminary of the Reformed Church at New Branswick, from which he was graduated in 1842 Among his classmates at Rutgers there were many who afterwarl became noted, among them being John DaWitt, who became Professor of Ancient Languages at the Theological Seminary at New Brunswick ; Theodoris R. Westbrook, Supreme Judge of New York, who made his home at Kingston, this state, and died while serving on the bench ;and Dr. Jimeés A. H. Cornell, a minister of New Baltimore, N. Y., who has been prominent in church work in the state. Upon his graduation from college he was awarded the English salutatory, which at that time was third in the list of honors conferred by the faculty of the college. 

In the year 1874 the degree of Doctor of Divinity was conferred upon Mr. Mills by the trustees of Rutger’s College. 

At Bloomingburgh, Sullivan county, in May, 1848, Mr. Mills was ordained and be gan his pastoral work. At the end of 15 years he located in Port Jervis. where he engaged in preaching for 14 years, or until 1872, the date of his arrival here being infFebruary, 1858. During his pastorate the present Reformed Charch edifice was 

erected. , . . During his miaistry he received 249 

membersinto the church,, Of late years he had no. charge, but did supply duty, and preached in 

















the churches 1n this section of the:country. He was a member of the VUlassis of | Orar ge, in the higher judicatories of : tbe Reformed Church, and during his | pastorates, a8 well as since, had repre‘sented the same. Heserved as president of the Minisink Valley Historical Society since its organization in 18€9,. Fos 37 years. or up to June, 1895, he was corresponding secretary of the Orange County Bible S: ciety, and then was made president ot the society. 

Rev. Mr. Mills was wmarriea on the 1%th of January, 1844, to Misa Almeda J. Bailey, of Middlesuwn, a daughter of Nathaniei Bailey, of the same city. She was born Febroary 28, 1822 and her death occurred on the 12th of March, 1867. By her marriage she became the mother of six children: Harriet Batley Milis, who died in childhood on the 2nd ot April, 1847; Esther, wife of C. E. Cuddebiek, an astorney of Port Jervis; Anna, whag’ death occarred April 5. 1879, at the age cf 29 yeara; Theodore Denton Mills, a doctur of Middletown; Cornelia Hunter, who died November 24, 1871, at the age of 17 years; and Mary Delia. wife of J, Alex. Stitt, an attoraey of New York City. ; 

Oa the 29sb of November, 1870, Rev. Mr. M iis was again married, Miss Amira St. Jobn beesming his wife. Sheisa danghter of the late Stephen Ss. John, of Port Jervis. 

Mr. Mills became a member of the 

Ctassts of Orange, May 30,1848. Of those who were members at that time, he was, at the time of his death, the only 

surviving member. He had been a faithful attendant at Classis, and when he missed the session of April 1%, 1900,at New iLuriey, resolutions of regret - were adopted by the Clausis. 

Mr. Mills was a well read, cultnred gentleman, aud a natural pulpit orator. His record hag been an honorable one, his years have been fruitful with deeds of usefulness aud kindness, with malice towards none, and friendliness towards all who have come under his influence, and he gained the respect and honor of the whole community. His later years were passed in his handsome residence on West Maino street, lying atthe foot of the mountain, which looms grandly above it fur several hundred feet, and is sarronnded by beautiful grounds. In this lovely spot the remaining days of his well-rounded life were spent. 

A USEFUL CITIZEN. 





Scholarly, anda Life Devoted to the Good ot Bis Fellow Men, 

Rev. Samuel W. Mille, D. D., was one of the most prominent citizens, not only of the village of Port Jervis, but of the county of Orange and of the Reformed Charch, in America, Huis influence was felt not only in the church of which he was for so many 3 ears the pastor, and the community in which he lived, but also in the organized efforts for good in the county, promniently inits Bible Society of which for many years he was an an officer, and in the higher courts of his church, in whose councils no voice had more weight or inflaence. 

His personal character was distinguished for its purity. ‘Tne white flower of a blameless life;” for its integrity manifested in hig unflinching adherence to the truth as he conceived it; und for ita breadth, shownin the wide range of interests that occupied his mind and effort. 

As a Christian minister he was distinguished by an unwavering faith in the word of God, and an unswerving confidence that in the Gospel of Jesus Christ, and in it alone, there could be found a panacea for the ills by which humanity is afflicted. He was scholarly in his attainments and had a keen appreciation of all that was best in life time, and possessed the faculty of conveying in thoughts to other minds in cogent and conyincing 

rearly aillanguage. His preaching was reinforced 

an 

Y.. THURSDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1902 





by his examples. Like the parson of Chaucer’3 Canterbury Tales, “ Christ law he preached, but first he followed it himeelf.” 

His pastorate in Port Jervis, where his principle life work was done, was one of especial importance to the church. Under bis leadership 1t passed from a position of compirative insignificance to become one of the foremost and frfisentialin the denomination. To his tactful guidance and clear insight into human natore this reresulé must in a larze measure be attributed. i 

Whilst Dr. Mills was gtrongly attached to his denomination an , firmly convinced of the smportarcs of the trath it taught, he was no bigot, but was ever very quick to note and recognize any influences that made for righteousness and to extend to it generon$ rcognition and’ sympathetic help. \ 

Time would fail us to make mention of his generosity to the poor, bis liberality in the suvpors of every good work, hisuntiripg efforts in behalf of every move. mentthat was made for civic or social betterment. 

Suffice it to say thatthe life of our community is on 2 distinctly bigher plane to | day thaait otherwise would have been, 

because in the Providence of God he lived in it. 

THE REV. DR. S. W. MILLS. 





Faneral of This Eminent Divine on Monday Afternoon—Simple Ceremonies, 

The funeral of.the Rev. S. W. Mills, D, D., took place Monday afternoon ‘at 1.30 at bis late residence, No. 47 West Main street. The attendance was very large, and many relatives and friends and admirers from out of tovn were present. The ceremonies were of the simplest order, as the yenerable man would have chosen had he been consulted in life. 

The Rev. T. H. Mackenzie officiated. His rematks were more in the natare of eulogy of the man, and of the work he had done durirg his pulpit career, especially in Port Jervis. Scriptural selections were read by the Rev. W. A. Chadwick and the Rev. Francis E. Smith; the Rev. J. C. Forbes read the resolutions passad by the Ministers’ Asseciation of Port Jervis, regarding the deceased ; and the Rev. Dr. H. C. Berg, of Ellenville, paid a tribute to the deceased; the Rev. W. A. Mackenzie made a prayer. 

Mrs. Christoph Graebner and Mrs. Almarin Phillips sang two; apprepriate hymns, Edward K. Spring accompanying on the piano. 

The remains were interred in the family plot in Laurel Grove. The pall-bearers were Prof. A. B. Wilbur, Middletown; Supervisor W. H. Nearpass, Dr. W. L. Cuddeback, Stephen St. John, E. M, Gordon, H. H. Malven.. 

Among the friends and relatives present from out of town were the rollowing named : 

Middletown—Dr. T. D. Mills, Prof. A. B. Wilbur, Dr. D. B. Hardenbergh, Willjam Hurtin, Albert Bull, Miss Esther Bull, J. Erskine Mills, Miss May Mills, Mr. and Mrs. T. J. Denton, Miss Slaugh ter and D. BH. Bailey and wife. 

Scotchtown—Mrs. Albert Mills and son, Herbert, John Ball and wife, 

Crystal Run—Mr. Ralph Mulls, Miss Edna Mills, 

Westtown—Mr. and Mrs. C. KE. Sayer. 

Ellenville—Rev. Dr. H. C. Berg. 

Dingman’s Ferry—Rev. Mr. Garretson. 

Somerville, N. J.—Miss Cornelia Talmage. daughter of the Rev. Dr. Goyn Talmage. 

Newark, N. J.—Mrs. Lawrence Moti, Sarah Stitt. 

College Point—Rev. Miss Lizzie Malven. . 

New York City—Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Stitt and son, Theodore, Chas. Phillips, 

Frank Maiven, 

Esq. 

Dobbs Ferry—Rev. Thornton Niyen, D. D. RESOLUTIONS OF THE MINISTERIAL AS SOCIATION. 

The Port Jervis Ministerial Association, having learned that the Reverend Samuel Wickham Mills, D. D., had entered into rest since their last meeting, adopted the following minute: 

1t has pleased the Lord to say unto our brother, “ Lay aside the garment of flesh and enter into the joy of thy Lord”; Therefore, We, the Ministers of Port Jervis aud vicinity, as fellow servants of the same Lord, laboring for a little while longer in the vineyard, and waiting until for us also the shadows shall flee away, rejoice that for our brother there are no more shadows, no more labor, no more sorrow, since he haa entered into the presence of the King and the rest which remaineth for the people of God. 

Yet, while we sorrow not as those wh have no Lope, we do grieve that we shall see his face no more on this earth. We shall mias him, For in him were comfort and counsel, and consolation. 

We rejoice that while our Lord and Master hath gone into the heavens to pre pare a place for us, He hath not left us comfortless, forthe Spirit has come into the world to be our advocate, guide, and counsellor. No where more mightly does the Spirit of God reveal his workings than in the lives of the Saints, and we grieve that a vessel of mercy—a true temple of the spirit—has been taken from us in the person of our brother. The public press has fittingly given its tribute of appreciation im regard to the 

civic, the moral and the religious excel lences of our brother—to all of which we, as fellow soldiers with him, say Amen. 

‘* Blessed are the dead which die in the Lord from henceforth: Yea, saith the Spirit, that they may'rest from their labors and their works do follow them.” | 

It_ was refolyed that copies of this minute be made and sent to the pregs,. Also, that the association, through its Secretary, express 1t8 sympathy with those who are so sorely bereaved by this dispensation of Oar God. 

WILL OF GEORGE LES 

It is Being Contested by Alleged Children in New York City 

BEFORE SURROGATE 0. P. HOWELL 





In Port Jeryis Wednesday—Parties to the Contest and the Cluims and Allegations — Farther Wearing Post-poned to Next January 17th, 

The petition of Mra. Flora A. Stegman, of Mount Vernon, N. Y., pray.ng for the probate of the last will aud testament of the late Gaorge Lea, dating January 15, 1878 and a codicil dating September 15th. 1901, was presented before Surrogate Howell in Port Jervis, Wednesday, alleging that Mrs Stegman is a daughter, and that George Lea, residing in New York City, ia a son of the deceased. 

By the will and codicil, Mrs. Catherine T. Lea, the wife of George Lea, was made sole legates and exeecutrix. She baving died before her husband, his personal preperty would be distributed among his next kin, and his real estate descend to his heirs. 

Certain nephews and nieces through William A, Parshall, Esq , as their attorney, filed an answer to Mrs. Stegman’s petition,desying that she her and brother are children of George Lea, and asserting ‘that his nephews and nieces are his heirs. 

Mr. Parshall also iiled a petition in behalf of Robert E. Lea, of Susquehanna, a nephew, praying that letters of administration with the will annexed. should issue to him, and accompanying the petition were Gonsents to such appointment by each of the nephews and nieces excepting Laura Lea, whose address is unknown at present. 

An adjournment was taken unt] Jannary 17th in order that in the meantime she might be located and served with a citation. Upon her being bought into court the various issues will be litigated before the Surrogate. 

Attorney William R. Symes, of New 

York, appeared for Mrs. Stegman, the petiticner, and Judge. William P. Gregg ‘for 

the executors in the will named by Mrs. Catherine T. Lea, Mrs. Clara Stadtmuel ler, of Brooklyn, N. ¥., and Mr. Frank K. Lamereaux, of Port Jervis. 

NO TIME FOR FLAGGING. 





The Consequence Wasa Wreck on the Erie Monday Morning. 

Because the crew on an Erie coal train had no time to send outa flagman to warn an oncoming Delaware and Hudson train of similar make-up. Monday morning, there was a bad tail-end collision near the northwest breakers near Carbondale. 

An Erie train that was coming south 

crossed over to get out of the way of fast passenger train No.1on the Delaware & 

Hudson north-bound. The other Erie train that was behind did not have time to send out a flagman before the Delaware & Hudson coal train, with Engineer Lawrence Melvin, came puffing up the hill. 

Melvin saw the caboose of the train im front of him, but he could not stop. Seeing that a crash was inevitable, he jamped, and just in time to be preserved from death, perhaps, as the cab of his engine, No. 292, was torn off when 16 ploughed into the Erie train, and was practically demolishea. 

Melvin sustained a painfully wxrenched shoulder. Seventeen cars were wrecked, and traffic was interrupted for most of the day.—Scranton Tribune. 

MONTICELLO RAILROAD SOLD. 

Parchased by R. B Rickard, Parchasing Committee for the Bondholders, 

The Port Jervis, Monticello & New Yor: Railroad was.sold at foreclosure in front of the Fowler House, Tuesday afternoon by Special County Judge Lybolt as refereoe. It was purchased by Richard Rickard, treasurer of the N. Y., O. & W., and the Purchasing Committee representing the bondholders, He was the only bidder. 

W.F. Dunning, of New York, represented the Monticello Company, and A. H. Van Brunt represented the Central Trust Company, the plaintiffs in the ac tion. 

TWO MIDNIGHT PHOTOGRAPHS. 





Taken by Allerton of the Beautiful Snow Scenes of Sunday Night, 

Two remarkable photographs are on exhibition in the show window of Elmer Patterson’s music store. Oneis a photograph of Pike street looking toward Main street from Orange Square in front of the Deerpark Club House. The other is from Sussex street, looking across the square toward Pike street. 

The photographs were taken at midnight by Allerton, after the fall of the 

snow Sunday night, and show the beautiful effects of the clinging snow on trees, wires and other objects, as displayed in the glare of the electric light, 

The yiews attract much attention, and are really remarkable, considering that 

they were taken at midnight. 

Has Purchased the Excelsior Bakery at Germantown, 

The Excelsior Bakery at Germantown, formerly owned by H. H. Hazenand iater by H. L.Bloss, of New York City, has been purchased by W. L. Burr, who was employed for the past three years by Geo. Happ, jr., on the Milford route. Mr. Burr 

‘took possession of the business last Mon day,and will move hia family in the suite of rooms over the bakery, ina few days. Mr. Burr’s place will be filled on Mr. Happ’s wagon by Mr. Lynn. Eighmy, of 

the National Bakery. He will enter upon hia duties on Monday next. 4 





balieg: 

$1.50 PER YEAR 

‘|UP SU 





HYMENEAL. 





Chace— Beck, 

Amorg the many Thanksgiving Day weddings none was more interesting than that which was celebrated at the Park Avenue church, New York: City. The bride was Miss Lula Emily Beck, daugbs ter of George Beck, the artist who summers near Port Jervis, and the groom, Rev. H. C, Chace, of Charlotteville, N. Y. 

The church was tastefully decorated for the occasion and the numerous friends were received by the ushers, Mr. Guorze Beck, a missionary on furlough trom Alaska, and Mr. Ernest Beck, theological student home from Boston for the happy occasion. Mr. Alfred Beck, head of the firm of Co., Boston and New York (all brothers of the bride), and Mr. Robert Chace, brother of the groom. 

The bride, escorted by her father, walked up the aisle preceded by. two dainty little flower girls, Miss Alice Chace and Mias Kosseyia Beck, and the maid of honor, Miss Florence Beck. The ceremony was performed by Rev. Sanford C. Hearn, a friend of the groom assisted by Rev. D. W. B. Thompson, pastor of the Park avenue Baptist Church. 

The bride’s costume was of pearl colored crepe de chine, decorated in hand embroidery and pearls. The bouquet was of white roses. The maid of honor was in a pink gown with pink roses. 

Rarely have the strains of Mendelsohn’s wedding march accompanied a happier procession. The reception which folJowed was attended by the immediate relatives and near personal friends of the two families. Very tasteful and effective were the floral decorations in the Beck 

home where the wedding breakfast was seryed. 

The gifts were numerous and costly, an evidence of the esteem in which the bride was held by hermany friends, not 

the least prized among them being {those from her school and Bible classes, where 

she was a devoted teacher. The happy pair took the train for Albany, en route for Charlotteville. where 

Mr. Chace is located at present. They are followed by the best wishes of thet 

New York friends. 





Kraack— Bertsch. 

Lake Huntington, Dec, 1—A very pleasant wedding took place at the home of Mr. and Mrs, Charles Kraack on Wednes day evening, Nov. 26, when their youngest daughter, Kmma, was united in the bonds of matrimony to Mr. Joseph Bertsch, of White Lake. 

At6 p. m. the bride and groom marched into the parlor to the strains of a wedding march ably rendered by Miss Anna Thone, of Cochecton Center. 

The parlor was most tastefully decorated with evergreens which, before the large mirror, formed a bower under which they stood and plighted heart and hand till death.  _The bride was attired in a beautiful gown of steel gray Henrietta cloth, with white taffeta and white applique trimmings, In her left hand she carried a large bouquet of whitecarnations,her hair being decked with the same. The groom wore the conventional black. 

The bridesmaid was Miss Lottie Theis, assisted by Miss Anna Bold, of Monticello. The best man was Mr. Frederick Kraack, brother of the bride, assisted by Mr. Conrad Bertsch, brother of the groom. 

The ceremony was performed by Rey. Otto Klose, of Cochecton, in the presence of a large concourse of relatives and friends. 

After the ceremony ali entercd the spacious dining-hall, where a most sumptuous supper was served, after which all repaired to the large setting-room down stairs and danced to their heart’s content till the ‘‘ wee sma’ hours” of the morning, when they allleft for their several homes, wishing Mr. and Mrs. Bertsch many long years of happiness. 

The couple received many useful and 

Costly presents. 

Koch— Fallman, 

Mr. Hugo Koch, a prominent business man of New York City,.and Mrs. Clarice 

S. Fullman, of 29 Orchard street,. Port Jer- | 

vis, the widow of Charles. Fullman, were united in marriage Nov. 4, at Brooklyn, L. L, at Christ frinity Church, by the. Rev. Aelson BR. Ross, of Brooklyn, L. I. 

Only relatives and immediate friends were present. 

The groom’s gift to the bride was a handsome residence at 71 Crystal street, Brooklyn, L. I., where they will reside, 

He Gave His. Pet Dog Decent Burial, 

“Oaks,” a valuable English bulldog anda pet of the family of Mr. W. L. Burr, was run over and killed by the trolley car in front of Mr. Burr’s bakery in Germantown last Wednesday. The dog was a great favorite of little Johnnie Barr, who insisted on giving him a paid burial, after which Johunie settled the bill. 

Dr. Kelly, of Milford, Shoots Two Fine Buck Deer, 

Dr. John Kelly, of Milford, returned 

home, Saturday night, from a successful hunt with a party down near his old heme in Dingman’s township. The Doc tor brought back with him two fine buck deer, one of which was four pronged. 

Revoking a Liquor Tax Certificate at Greenwood Lake, 

State Commissioner of Excise Cullinan reports that an order has been granted by the Supreme Court revoking, with costs, the liquor tax certificate issued to Benjamin Van Nortwick for traffic in liquors at the Brandon House, Greenwood Lake. Van Nortwick violated the Liquor Tax Law by having his barroom open and selling liquor en Sunday. . 











LLIVAN WAY 

Monticello News Record of the Past Week Briefly Summea. 





SOME BOWLING CONTEST SCORES 

Visiters In and Out of frown—stadents at Home — Basivess ‘ hangew— Kicked by @ Horse — Persommai and 

General Notes, 

Monticello, Dec, 2—J. Hammond Waller, of the Sniivan Couaty Repablicar, spent part of last week in the metropols, 

George T rwnsend, steward in the Hotel Victoria, New York City, spent a portion of jast week in Monticello with his mothe, Mrs. M. J. Moore. 

Miss Mamie Hughes, of Brooklyn, is spending a few weeks with Mr. and Mrs. James Deia_ey, of this village, 

Mrs. Lemuel Smith returned home on Tuesday last, after a two weeks’ Visit with relativesin Albany. 

George V. Palmer, who is attending Holbrook’s Military Academy at Ossining,.spent last week with her parents at the Hotel Rockwell. 

Mrs. Legrand Morris fell on Saturday last, while carrying a storm window into the bouse, and fractured her left arm. 

J. EF. Kally, of Jersey City, is spending afew weeks at the Rockwell. 

Miss Anna Gillespie, of Brooklyn, who spent last summer in Monticello, spent Thanksgiving at the Enris House. 

Judson Decker, who isatitending Pratt Institute, Brooklyn, and George Loderhose,. who ig attending the Albany College of Pharmacy, spent Thanksgiving at their homes in this village. 

¥. R. Voorhees, of Lew Beach, spent last week in Monticello. 

Mr. Rudolf Blum, on Monday of lastweek,.purchased the fruit and vegetable business of C. H, Richardson, and on Tuesday disposed of the entire stock to Mr. Peter Costa, of New York City. 

Harry McDonald, of New York City, spent Thanksgiving in Monticello. 

Chas. L, Braun, of New York City, who spent last summer af the Sackett Lake House and who, for the past two months, has been traveling through New Mexico, is spending the winter at the Palatine Hotel, 

Chas, Schindall, of New York City, has rented the George Armstrong cottage, on Washington Heights, and will occupy it for the winter. 

Mr. Jas. Hanofie, who has been clerking at Craxe’s pharmacy during the past 





summer, has severed his connections there 

and wll soon leave for Liberty, where he has seeured a position in the Hasbronck pharmacy, at that place. , 

Wm. Kane, who spent three years in Monticello, and who has been in Brooklyn for the past six months, is spending the week 1n town. 

J. J. Tot*, of Port Jervis, was in Monticello Monday. 

Distriet Attorney Frank S, Anderson, of Callicoon Dapot. 1s attending court this week. . 

Grace Hall. who is teaching at Campbell Hall, Jas. Hall, of Narrowsburg, and Robt. Hall, jr., of Phillipsport, all spent Thanksgiving at their home south of Monticello. . 

Mr. and Mrs. Dory Halstead and child, of Newburgh, returned Tuesday after an extended visit with George W. Lounsbury, of this village. 

Jesse Langman, of the firm of Laugman Bros., while passing near J. ©. Taylors black team on Monday. was kicked in the side by one horse and had two ribs broken. 

W. BD. Sinith returned Monday after a week’s visit 1n the metropolis, 

Prof. Chas. Jardine, formerly instructor in the gymnasium of the Horace Mann school, of New York City, has rented the Mrs, Strong cottage on Main street and willin the future bs instractor 1n the Monticello Boys’ Club. 

A vety interesting bowling match took ~ place at Beecher Bros.’, bowling alley on Monday evening between the Menticello Club and The Oquawkas, of Monticello, the former team winning two out of three games. The following is a list of bowlers on each team and scores : 

MONTICELLO CLUB, istgame 2nd 8rd 

S. G. Osborn........-.. 139 18 «864158 H. L. Hateh........... 120 158 189 H. B. Stratton........ 141 116 «128 Howard Beecher...... x25 170-164 B. B. Scriber........-. 185 1386 186 ~& Total......--.s.c0+- 760 «W158 OQUAWKAS., . ist game 2nd 3rd H. B. Pelton........... 170 164 152 Geo. Loderhose........ 135 137 10% Jebn Beecher.......... 138 170) 1%? J. H. Waller........-- 142 105 180 Art. Mapledoram...... 148 147 154 . Total. ..cc. seceecees 728 923-770 

After first game J. H. Waller, who was acting as substitute, withdrew and W. W. Carpenter bowled the second and third game. On Tuesday evening of next week another game will be bowled. 

Edwin H. Strong, cashier of the National Bank, who has been trayeling through the west since Oct. 15, returned home Monday night. 

Géorge H. Carpenter, esq., of Liberty, is attending court at Monticello this week, 

Rev. Francis E. Tower, D. D., of Poughkeepsie, was in town Monday. 





Regents’ Examinations, 

The Regents’ examinations will be held in Port Jervis High School during the week beginning Monday, Jan. 26th, 1908, Applications for admission to the examinations must be madeon or before Fru. day, Deo. 19, 1902, 








