Brookton.

Written for, and Recited at the Poet's Entertainment at the Congregational Church, Brookton, Feb. 6, 1897, by Mrs. Ella E. Mandeville.

<pre>

Nestled in a quiet valley,
  With leaf-crowned slopes on either side,
And a streamlet gently flowing
  To Cayuga's bosom wide,
Is a modest little village
  With its trees for fruit and shade
And its neat and tidy dwellings, 
  Which the hands of man have made.

There's a schoolhouse, where the children
  Day by day their minds improve,
Fitting them for useful action,
  When out in the world they move.

There's a store lately modeled
  For convenience; partly new,
With clean yellow painted surface,
  Trimmed about with darker hue;
Where, arranged upon the counters
  And the shelves of ample space
And in glass cases, Yankee notions, 
  Dry goods, substantials, lace,
Trimmings for dress goods, modeled 
  As Dame Fashion last designed,
With a host of other features,
  In its roomy space you find.
Pharmaceutics, too, is practiced;
  School book, boots and shoes are sold;
Groceries of all descriptions.
  Parceled out for standard gold, 
Or for silver, butter, hen's-eggs,
  Or for promise of good pay.
One may take the goods and use them 
  And can pay some other day.

Half-way down its length established, 
  Is a place where, morn and eve,
Niece and nephew wait expectant,
  For what "Uncle Sam" may give.

Just across the public highway,
  Is one more of like design
As regards its inner contents,
  Indicated by the sign.
Step within, and look around you.
  Great variety you find.
And obliging, pleasant owners,
  Ready every want to mind.
Years of honest, faithful dealing,
  Confidence and trust inspire.
Weight and measure always honest, 
  All will find their fair dealing there.

Then again across the highway
  Looks a mill, long, wide and tall,
Where the various grains are powdered,
  Ready for commercial call.
Trade is brisk, and grain is plenty.
  "I must have more room to grind,"
Said the enterprising owner, 
  "I am getting 'way behind."
Up the creek, like bees industrious,
  Flock the workmen at his word, 
To repair the ruined structure,
  Where the elemments had warred,
Soon the wheels were busy, grinding 
  With a water power grand;
Fitted, both by bounteous nature,
  And the art of skillful man.
Swifter still the trade increases,
  Till a sign-board doth impart
Information of a store
  In the nearest city's mart.

There's a market, neat and tidy,
  Where choice meats are bought and sold,
And where cake, and bread, and oysters,
  Makes one hungry to behold.

Close beside the tidy market,
    Is a quite important place, 
Where a man with skill and neatness 
  Cuts your hair and shaves your face.

Theres's a firm in which the partners
  Profit and expenses divides,
And gives employment to laborers,
  Selling salt and handling hides.

Six men skilled in builder's art,
  Ply the auger, saw, and plane;
Two more use the painters brush,
  To cover up old grime and stain.

Logs for lumber and for shingles
  Quickly into shape are made,
By three enterprising workmen,
  Each with his own tools for trade.

When disease, and pain, and sickness
  Comes, the body to annoy,
Or gathers round with gloomy shadow,
  Robbing life of all its joy;
Like a pleasant gleam of sunshine
  To the sickroom far and near,
Goes the skillfull village doctor,
  To give hop, relief and cheer.

I must not neglect to mention
  A very useful "House" that's there 
And seldom found in other places;
  Known to be "A House" that's rare,
Finely build it is for service;
  Loved alike by yound ang old;
Sought for wedding and for funerals;
  Never bought and seldom sold.

And there is a line of business 
  That but seldom gives vacation;
Where a man does the arranging;
  And his wife, at his dictation
At a typewriter sits clicking
  Figures and statistics many;
Dull, monotonous the services,
  But it brings the honest penny.

Done? No, I'm not quite through telling
  The attractios of the place.
Steaming daily o'er the pathway,
  With majestic ease and grace,
Glides, with shriek and puff important,
  To the station up the grade,
Trains, connection this fair Eden,
  With the outside world of trade.

Going eastward from the station,
  Built a braod ravine to span,
Is a famous iron trestle;
  Wondrous work of skillful man.

Year by year the business minding, 
  None more faithful on the staff,
Than the pleasant depot agent;
  Ticking at the telegraph.
Minding passengers and tickets,
  Parcels, express, coal, and freight.
Train delayed, no matter how long;
  At the depot he must wait.
One, just once, the folks remember,
  That he went to get a "Plum"
Then he dropped the cares of office,
  and a few brief days did roam.

Travelers, accomodation,
  Rest, good board, and comfort find,
At a modest private dwelling,
  Understood without a sign.

Now I'm done with the attractions;
  But I've not quite said my say.
There's a blot in that fair village,
  Standing in it day by day.
Towering high 0'er house and tree-top,
  Two tall church-spires meet the gaze;
But, Alas, for that bright picture!
  The highest one is gray with age.
Faded, dingy, marred its surface:
  Gone the faithful weathervane.
And could you take a peep within it,
  You'd not with to look again.

Owners met in consultation.
  Energy and push we need;
We must work and earn some money;
  Yes, we must, we must indeed.
And we have. We've worked I tell you;
  Worked our brains. Good thing to do.
Thank you for your kind attention.
  People do like something new.

This is but a small beginning;
  Dimes and dollars we must have. 
We will have it some day, somehow,
  If we get it selling salve.
Certainly we'll do it honest,
  Within limit of our creed,
But we've got to work and earn it
  For it is a sore need.

So come to all our entertainments
  Do not grudge your dimes because
It will help the pretty village,
  I will help the Lord's good cause.
They've repaired and built around us,
  Left this village in the lurch;
We'll not stand it any longer, 
  We'll repair the dingy church.
  Brookton, Feb. 6th, 1897.

</pre>

There is a description of two stores near the lower grist mill (now Dalebrook) that are clearly referencing Mulks' and Mills' stores. I initially thought that the first and main store described was Mills', as all the products described were known to be sold in Mills' store, including dry goods, groceries, Yankee notions, lace and dress goods, boots and shoes as well as "pharmaceutics". It also mentions two business practices known to the Mills: the extension of credit as well as the option to pay with an exchange of goods. 

However, it is clear that the first store described is Mulks', and that the other store described "across the public highway" and "of like design" is Mills'. The first store is described as "lately modeled for convenience; partly new" in contrast to the second store's description of "years of honest, faithful dealing". Frank Mulks purchased his store a few years earlier, and it seems, made some improvements to it, whereas Edward Mills' store had been in operation presumably since the family arrived in the hamlet in 1879, when it was still called Mott's Corners. 

But most telling of all is an apparent reference to the post office, where the residents of Brookton are in the role of "niece and nephew" that "wait expectant, for what "Uncle Sam" may give". In Feb 1897, when this poem was presented, the Brookton postmaster was Frank Mulks. Later that year, Fred Lounsbery would take over as postmaster, but the postoffice remained in Mulk's store, as corroborated by the photograph of the first day of free rural delivery in 1907. 



1920 US census District 0171
Russell Vandemark, son of George B., living near Emily
https://www.findagrave.com/memorial/162653745/russell-j-vandemark

Ruth Vandemark, daughter of Harry and Flora


Ray Vandemark, son of benjamin  https://www.findagrave.com/memorial/177404941/ray-benjamin-vandemark
nurse for emily?
Ruth Utz was the daughter of the well known storekeeper, Harry Vandemark. Mrs. Utz trained to be a nurse at the Old Ithaca Hospital on Quarry Street. She went to New York City for a Post Graduate Nursing course at Columbia Medical Center and stayed on to work at that institution. She spent some years in South America but returned to New York City for a few years until she returned to the old homestead at Brooktondale.

(Excerpt from A HISTORY OF THE TOWN OF CAROLINE (1994))
https://www.findagrave.com/memorial/162605253/ruth-utz
father Harry was santa claus, grocer
799 valley road, drive by, tour 3, p4  

store and bob tucker's house, drive by tour 3, p6, 7 and 8 , gar lining up at store, tannery, etc.






Amanda Lounsbery is living with Charles Personius and wife Mary in 1920, says relationship is sister in law.

Edward's physical description and that he was present at Lee's surrender on findagrave

