Adam Joseph Smith, born 13 Dec 1971, Hornell NY, was the youngest child of Jeffrey Smith Jr. and Bernice Lee Casinelli. 

Adam was raised in the Smith family home, West Main Street, Woodhull NY and attended schools in Addison NY. Like every member of the Smith family, Adam helped with the family business, H. P. Smith & Son, in various ways from a young age. As an older child, he followed in his older siblings' footsteps, working at the Woodhull Cemetery in the Summers, under the direction of the caretaker, their grandfather Emilio Casinelli, better known to his many friends as "Casey".

Adam had no children. He was a life-long learner and enjoyed being physically active. He lived many years in quiet solitude at The Mills Place, Brookon NY, where his ashes will be scattered on the hill above. 

13 Dec 2022


---

I didn't set out to create what this investigation has become, and I grossly underestimated the time and effort needed to attempt achieving my goals. I only added structure and "best practices" as they truly became needed, and even then, only when I felt confident in a solution. Organizing content initially by date, and eventually subject, and writing citations, quotes, and thinly connecting them with my notes, and similar practices, evolved over time as my current "system" started to become counterproductive to my research. Eventually, I wrote software to partially automate a digitization workflow that allowed me to efficiently move from research to collection and classification, and eventually, publication. I was constantly trying to push forward, anything that began to slow my progress was optimized.

I put the information online initially just to facilitate communication with other historians, Mills descendants, etc. It seemed appropriate at the time to give Emily's store a website and host the information there.

As a result, the images are an incongruent mix of organizational approaches, as one example. I accepted that I would learn and evolve my approach over time, and in many cases, I didn't go back to retoactively impose new standards, as I wanted to keep moving forward.

I also had to accept that there would be a mix of citation styles, as some sources explictly provided their preferred citation format. So, for the citations I had control over, I eventually came up with my own standard approach that served my needs most efficiently.

For a long time, I defined my work as simply collecting and cataloging the evidence I found, and I resisted drawing conclusions, making inferences, proposing theories. But eventually this too would come to limit my progress, so I gradually relented. I hope that I have made these clear in the text.

After a while, I became aware that assuming my work was preserved, it could become a long letter to a person yet born. This person may read this and appreciate the time and effort it took from me, and my motivation for giving it. This person, perhaps a future 475er, might match my interest in these subjects and continue this effort, correcting my mistakes, furthering lines of research and solving new mysteries. 

I don't think I can adequately convey what Emily has come to mean to me or why. Perhaps someday someone else will understand it as I do.

-----



---

Carly - all black cat, adopted from Tompkins County SPCA on Hanshaw Road, Ithaca, next to Ludgate's Market, a place I shopped at often as it was on the commute between Cornell where I worked and my home in Freeville. Carly had had kittens at least once prior to her adoption. When we visited the SPCA, I specifically asked which cats were there the longest, and Carly had been there the longest, at least several months as I recall. Unlike the other cats, she didn't even bother coming to the front of her enclosure when we came by, but when I picked her up and held her, she melted into my shoulder and instantly became part of our family. Her fur was a dull brown initially, but after a few weeks, her true, rich shiny black color started to show, and with it, her true personality, which was much larger than the reserved cat we had initially seen. She and Roger were very close, although Roger really didn't have a choice. They loved to play together but Carly would often get a bit too rough and bite Roger to the point that he would cry out for her to stop. Carly was very talkative and would often "chirp" with each step she made, and anytime she was touched.

Roger - white with gray patches, adopted from Tompkins County SPCA. Unlike Carly, my ex-wife and I saw him at the Ithaca Farmer's market at Steamboat Landing where the SPCA set up an adoption drive that day. We were told that he was "semi-feral" and would likely make a better "barn cat". As it turns out, it became clear from interacting with him that he was experiencing pain in his back, near his tail, as he would react severely when touched there. After telling a chiropractor friend about this, she suggested giving him an adjustment. After his treatment, Roger was a completely different cat, and never again had back issues. Roger loved catnip to a degree I have never seen in a cat before. Catnip had no effect on Carly, and she would often view his antics with bewilderment. Roger and Carly liked to sit on the stairs and look down on me through the open spaces. While awaiting adoption, Roger was fostered by Pam Stansbury, a co-worker at Cornell University Library, and her husband, who had given him the temporary name of "Silvio". My ex-wife didn't like Silvio and chose Roger instead. But on occasion, I still called him Silvio.   

Tobi - my friend Melissa' Hyde's dog, all black, laborador retriever mix. The last time I watched Tobi for Melissa was the first several weeks of the pandemic lockdown in Spring 2020.

Chip - the name I gave a chipmunk I befriended in the Spring and early Summer of 2022. He lived under the tool shed at the end of the stone patio, and would take peanuts out of my hand. He had quite a large construction project going on under the shed, but one day he was gone, along with the other chipmunks living in the immediate area at the time, presumably victims of the foxes that live on the hill, or one of the neighborhood cats. (I have a trail camera image from the Summer prior of a fox with a chipmunk sized object in its mouth.)

Ginger - the Todi's pit bull. Ginger and I were instant friends, and it was common for me to be mowing the lawn or doing some other outdoor chore and suddenly realize that Ginger was sitting a few feet away patiently waiting for my attention. When I first moved to Brooktondale, Ginger was still extremely active, and loved to run up and down the steep hill to the side and behind my house. Jim Todi told me a story of her doing this as a puppy, and on the return trip down the hill, collided with a passing vehicle in the road. Apparently the vehicle got the worst of it. Sadly, it would only be a few years before Ginger rapidly declined in her older age. She would accompany Jim everywhere and in moderate weather, it was common for me to walk past Jim's truck parked on the roadside, on my way to and from the postoffice, and see Ginger sleeping in the passenger seat.
